Who Was Levi?

In response to inquiries from many friends of "The Aquarian Gospel of
Jesus the Christ" for some information regarding the transcriber, we
herewith give a short sketch.  It was his great desire that each one
should have the message regardless of the messenger.


LEVI (Levi H. Dowling), was born Saturday morning, May 18, 1844, at
Belleville, Ohio.  His father, of Scotch-Welsh descent, was a pioneer
preacher among the Disciples of Christ.  Levi was always a student of
the deeper things of life.  At the age of thirteen, in his first
public debate, he took the negative side against a Presbyterian Elder
on "The Everlasting Punishment of the Wicked."

He began preaching at the age of sixteen; and at the age of eighteen
was pastor of a small church.  He entered the United States Army at
the age of twenty as Chaplain, and served in this capacity to the end
of the Civil War.  In 1866-7 he was a student at Northwestern
Christian University at Indianapolis, Indiana.  The next year he began
publishing Sunday School literature, issuing Sunday School lesson
papers, song books, and a Children's Sunday School paper.  Much of his
time was devoted to the cause of Prohibition.  He was a graduate of
two medical colleges and practiced medicine for a number of years.  He
finally retired from the medical profession to resume literary work.

Early in life, when but a mere lad, he had a vision in which he was
told that he was to "build a white city."  This vision of the "white
city" was "The Aquarian Gospel of Jesus the Christ."  This book was
transcribed between the early morning hours of two and six -- the
absolutely "quiet hours."

Levi passed from earth-life August 13, 1911.
